Added commands/flags to cli-reference (#601)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/cli-reference.md

This command is intended to be used in CI workflows.

### `astro add`

Adds an integration to your configuration.

### `astro docs`

> Launches Astro's Doc site directly from the terminal.

Author: ```suggestion
Launches the Astro Docs website directly from the terminal.
```

Prints the Astro version number and exits.

### `--drafts`

> Includes markdown draft pages in the build.

Author: ```suggestion
Includes Markdown draft pages in the build.
```
